Briefly describe your understanding of what the browser does, including definitions of the following:

client: The client is our local machine. Our computer.
server: the server is another computer located on the internet who serves up files and various documents (ex. Facebook profiles, Web pages, photos, music… etc.) that the client can render. 
render: the process of converting documents and various files into viewable content for people to read. 

What is HTML? In your answer, include definitions of the following:

HTML is a language that computers understand, they listen to HTML when they want to display content on a page. Tags for example are used in the HTML language as special key words to help the browser understand how to format and display the content. Tags are enclosed in <brackets> and they must have a closing bracket </>. 
An HTML document or web page is composed of elements, they help make up the DOM tree, and each element can have HTML attributes specified. 

The DOM is made up of nodes, which can be element, text, or comments. And Elements can also have attributes, things/ key words that tell that element how to behave and look.

Elements can be block level or in line. Block level are ‘code blocks’ that occupy the space of a parent element like a <body> tag for example. In line elements can be seen within the block elements and is bounded within the tag or block it is placed in.


Very briefly, explain the purpose of the following elements:

Head- The most important/ visible text in the HTML page. There is only one h tag. Located before the body tag.
body- comes after the head tag, contains the code and substance to your page.
P- a paragraph tag
form- a form tag. Used for user data entry.

div- a division tag. Used to sort code, and create structure and organization. Particularly among block-level content.
span— span tag. Used to ‘span’ over a group of inline elements. Will aid in styling and grouping.

select- this tag will populate your page with a dropdown filled with options/ selections. The options will be determined based on the content of the option value in the option tag.
h2- Heading 2. Second most important title on the HTML.
ol- Ordered list.
ul- Unordered list.
table- table tag. Will create a table based on the contents within the tag.
tr- table row
td- table data